BUT ALSO THE I
BUT ALSO THE RIGHTS THAT HAVE
MADE THE COUNTRY THE GREATEST ON
EARTH.
WATCH THIS.
>> UNDER THE GUISE OF MEDICARE
FOR ALL AND A GREEN NEW DEAL,
DEMOCRATS HAVE EMBRACING THE
SAME TIRED ECONOMIC THEORIES
THAT IMPOVERISHED NATIONS.
THE TROUBLE THE SOCIALISM IS
THAT YOU EVENTUALLY RUN OUT OF
OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY.
THEY WANT TO TAKE AWAY YOUR
HAMBURGERS.
THIS IS WHAT STALIN DREAMT ABOUT
BUT NEVER ACHIEVED.
>> JOIN US TO PUT SOCIALISM ON
TRIAL AND THEN CONVICT IT.
>> JOINING US NOW WITH A
REACTION, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR
CHARLIE, AUSTAN GOOLSBEE, AND
SEBASTIAN GORKA.
THANK YOU FOR JOINING US.
AUSTAN, DEMOCRATS ARE NOT
HIDING.
THEY'RE NOT HIDING AT ALL.
THEY'RE PUTTING SOCIALISM RIGHT
THERE FRONT AND CENTER AND THEY
ARE GOING FOR IT.
IT'S ONLY MARCH 1ST AND THEY'RE
LAYING OUT EVERYTHING FROM A
GREEN DEAL, MEDICARE FOR ALL.
BUT IT'S GOING TO COST -- AND
YOU'RE A FINANCIAL GUY --
HUNDREDS OF TRILLIONS OF
DOLLARS.
HOW DO THEY THINK THIS IS GOING
TO SELL TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE?
>> WELL, YOU HAVE CHOSEN THE
MOST EXTREME CASES TO TRY TO
MAKE YOUR POINT.
AND I THINK YOU GOT TWO DANGERS
IN THAT.
FIRST, IF YOU GO TO THAT MEETING
WHERE YOU TOOK THOSE SPEECHES
AND FIND THE MOST EXTREME PEOPLE
AT THAT MEETING, THEY ARE NUTS.
AND IF YOU ARE GOING TO TRY TO
CAST THE ENTIRE REPUBLICAN PARTY
AS WHAT SOMEBODY THAT WAS ON THE
MOST EXTREME THOUGHT, IT WOULD
NOT BE ACCURATE THE SECOND IS,
AS WE GO INTO 2020, AS YOU TALK
OF THAT THIS IS GOING TO BE A
SOCIALIST TAKEOVER, IT'S GOING
TO BE LIKE CALLING THE POODLE
KILLER.
PEOPLE ARE GOING TO SEE THINGS
LIKE A MEDICARE CHOICE FOR ALL,
WHICH IS SUPPORTED BY 73% OF
AMERICA AND MORE THAN 50% OF
REPUBLICANS.
>> AUSTAN.
>> AND THEY'RE GOING TO SAY,
MAYBE THIS ISN'T SO BAD.
MAYBE IT'S NOT SOCIALISM AT ALL.
>> NO, NO, AUSTAN, THERE'S MORE
THAN 100 PEOPLE THAT HAVE
CO-SPONSORED A BILL THAT SAYS
THERE WILL NOT BE IN PRIVATE
INSURANCE OUT THERE.
SEBASTIAN, YOU WERE THERE.
YOU WERE ONE OF THE SPEAKERS
THERE.
WHAT WAS THE FEELING THERE?
>> I SAID THE EXTREME.
>> WHEN THE LEFT HAVE NO
ARGUMENTS, THEY GO  AD HOMEN.
WE'RE THE W  -- EXTREMISTS.
THEY WANT TO BAN EVERY SINGLE
PRIVATE VEHICLE THAT RUNS ON GAS
AND DISALLOW USING AIRPLANES AND
WE'RE THE EXTREMISTS?
THIS IS THE LEFT IN A NUTSHELL.
THE RADICALS HAVE TAKEN OVER THE
DEMOCRAT PARTY.
THIS ISN'T A PARTY THAT ISN'T
JUST SAYING, DON'T EAT MEAT ANY
MORE.
THIS IS A PARTY THAT SAYS IT'S
OKAY TO KILL BABIES AFTER THEY
ARE BORN.
THE  GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK.
THE RADICALS HAVE TAKEN OVER THE
ASYLUM.
AND I GUESS AUSTAN IS ONE OF
THEM.
>> I WANT TO BE CAREFUL OF
CALLING EACH OTHER NAMES HERE,
BUT CHARLIE, WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
--
>> I DIDN'T CALL SEBASTIAN ANY
NAMES.
>> WELL, HE WAS ONE OF THE PRIME
SPEAKERS THERE.
LOOK, CHARLIE, THESE ARE BILLS
THAT HAVE BEEN INTRODUCED INTO
CONGRESS.
THEY'VE BEEN EMBRACED BY THE
MAJOR 2020 CANDIDATES ON THE
LEFT, HAVE THEY NOT?
>> YEAH, AND THERE'S NO DOUBT
ABOUT IT.
THE STANDARD THAT WAS SET BY
BERNIE SANDERS TWO YEARS IN THE
CAMPAIGN THAT HILLARY CLINTON
WOUND UP STEALING FROM HIM, HE
SET THE STANDARD.
EVERY OTHER CANDIDATE RUNNING
THIS TIME AROUND JUST ABOUT HAS
PICKED UP THE MANTLE OF THAT
DEMOCRAT SOCIALISM.
THE THING PEOPLE HAVE TO
REMEMBER IS SOCIALISM IS NOT A
PLATFORM OF IDEAS AND SERVICES
AND FREE STUFF THAT THEY'RE
GOING TO GIVE AWAY.
SOCIALISM IS A FORM OF TYRANNY.
IT'S A FORM OF RUNNING THE
GOVERNMENT TO THAT YOU CONTROL
PEOPLE'S LIVES ALL THE WAY DOWN
TO WHAT THEY PUT IN THEIR
MOUTHS.
AND THAT IS A VERY REAL THING.
THAT'S NOT SOMETHING THAT'S MADE
UP.
YOU CAN GO BACK AND SEE 100
MILLION PEOPLE HAVE PERISHED,
BEEN KILLED UNDER THAT KIND OF
TYRANNY.
THE FUNNY THING IS, WHEN
REPUBLICANS TRY TO ADDRESS THIS
STUFF SERIOUSLY AND THEY TALK
ABOUT THE COST OF SOMETHING LIKE
THE NEW GREEN DEAL OR GREEN
DREAM OR WHATEVER IT IS, THERE'S
NO MONEY.
WE UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF
SOCIALISM.
SOCIALISM DOESN'T NEED MONEY.
THEY HAVE PRISONS.
THEY CAN MAKE PEOPLE WORK.
AND THAT'S WHAT SOCIALISM IS.
AND YOU CAN TRY TO DRESS IT UP
ANY WAY YOU WANT, BUT THAT'S
UNDENIABLY WHAT SOCIALISM IS.
>> AUSTAN, YOU'RE A NUMBERS GUY.
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT TWO OF THE
BIGGEST DEAL, THE NEW GREEN DEAL
AND MEDICARE FOR ALL, IS THAT
NOT HUNDREDS OF TRILLIONS OF
DOLLARS?
>> A, THAT'S NOT HUNDREDS OF
TRILLIONS.
B, I'M NOT A SOCIALIST.
I'M AN ECONOMICS PROFESSOR.
SOCIALISM DOESN'T WORK.
WHAT THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT WITH
MEDICARE FOR ALL, THERE ARE MANY
DIFFERENT BILLS YOU'RE CHOOSING,
ONLY THE MOST EXTREME ONE PUT
FORWARD BY SANDERS.
>> THE 2020 CANDIDATES, BERNIE
SANDERS IS IN FAVOR OF HIS OWN
BILL, WHICH WOULD COST A LOT, NO
100 TRILLION, BUT A LOT.
THE BERNIE SANDERS FANS ARE NOT
A BIG FAN OF MINE.
BUT THE MEDICARE FOR ALL THAT
INVOLVES EVERYONE BUYING INTO
MEDICARE, THE CONGRESSIONAL
OFFICE SAYS THAT SAVES MONEY.
IT'S LITERALLY LESS EXPENSIVE
THAN WHAT WE HAVE NOW.
>> WHEN YOU MOVE 170 MILLION
PEOPLE OFF OF THEIR PRIVATE
INSURANCE, WHICH IS WAY --
SEBASTIAN, HOW DO YOU SEE THIS
MOVING FORWARD?
THEY HAVE PAINTED THEMSELVES IN
CORNER.
>> THE FORMER DIRECTOR OF THE
CBO, THE INDEPENDENT COMPLETELY
NEUTRAL CBO, CRUNCHED THE
NUMBERS LAST WEEK.
EVERY SINGLE AMERICAN WILL HAVE
TO FUND THE GREEN NEW DEAL TO
THE COST OF $300,000 PER PERSON
WHO'S ALIVE IN AMERICA.
THOSE ARE THE FIGURES.
AND EVERY SINGLE PERSON WHO IS
AN OFFICIAL CANDIDATE FOR THE
PRESIDENCY, THE DEMOCRATS, HAS
SIGNED ON TO OCASIO'S DEAL.
THIS IS THE INSANITY.
SOCIALISM IS CONTROLLING EVERY
ASPECT OF YOUR LIFE.
IF THEY CONTROL YOUR HEALTHCARE,
THEY'VE GOT EVERYTHING.
IF THEY WANT TO CONTROL WHAT YOU
ARE EATING, THAT IS
TOTALTARIANISM.
SHE SAID IT.
WE'VE GOT TO STOP EATING
CHEESEBURGERS.
IT'S INSANITY.
>> HOW DO YOU SEE YOUNGER
PEOPLE?
YOUNGER PEOPLE ARE MY IDEA
IDEALISTIC, THEY DON'T HAVE AS
MUCH LIFE INSURANCE.
>> I THINK THERE IS SOME ALLURE
TO IT.
EVERYBODY LIKES FREE STUFF.
EVERYBODY LIKES THE CHEAPEST
THING THEY CAN GET.
THE PROBLEM IS WE'VE DONE A POOR
JOB OF REMINDING THEM, EVER
SINCE THE SOVIET UNION FELL, WE
DO A POOR JOB OF REMINDING
PEOPLE JUST HOW TERRIBLE A WAY
OF LIFE THAT IS.
WE HAVE A PERFECT EXAMPLE IN
VENEZUELA RIGHT NOW.
WE HAVE TO DO A BETTER JOB OF
ILLUSTRATING JUST HOW TERRIFYING
AND DANGEROUS THIS IS.
AUSTAN, I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE
AGAINST SOCIALISM, BUT I WISH
THAT YOUR PARTY WOULD TAKE ALL
THE PEOPLE RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT
AND GO AND TALK TO THEM AND
EXPLAIN TO THEM HOW TERRIBLE
SOCIALISM IS BECAUSE IT'S
REALLY, REALLY FRIGHTENING AND
VERY DISHEARTENING TO SEE IN
THIS DAY AND AGE A PARTY WHERE
AN ALARMING NUMBER OF ITS
LEADERS, OR AT LEAST THE PEOPLE
SEEKING TO LEAD THE PARTY, HAVE
FULLY EMBRACED THE CONCEPT OF
IT.
>> I'VE GOT JUST TEN SECONDS FOR
EACH.
WHERE IS THIS GOING?
THE DEMOCRAT CANDIDATES FOR
PRESIDENT ARE GOING FURTHER AND
FURTHER TO THE LEFT, ARE THEY
NOT?
>> THEY'RE NOT GOING TO
SOCIALISM.
AND I JUST CAUTION YOU GUYS TO
BE CAREFUL BECAUSE YOU'RE
TRUMPING IT UP LIKE IT'S GOING
TO BE THE BIGGEST TAKEOVER EVER,
AND WHEN PEOPLE SEE WHAT IT
ACTUALLY IS, THEY'LL SEE IT'S
NOT SO BAD
>> SOMEBODY IS ACTUALLY READING
THE TEXT OF THE BILL, AND I'VE
GOT TO TELL YOU, THAT IS THE
DIRECTION IT'S GOING.
>> SEBASTIAN.
>> WE'LL ALL BE OUT TO LUNCH IF
THEY BAN CHEESEBURGERS, STEAK,
AND EVERYTHING YOU WANT TO EAT.
BERNIE SANDERS -- I PLAYED THE
AUDIO ON MY SHOW TODAY.
HE WAS ASKED, DOES THE GREEN NEW
DEAL GO FAR ENOUGH?
AND BERNIE SAID, IT DOESN'T GO
FAR ENOUGH.